NOTES
-----

Tests incorporated into this directory can be executed using the
either the supplied ./Makefile or the top-level one (../Makefile).

By default the logging levels are very quiet. To turn these up, you
may set one of the following variables when executing make:

1. REBAR_LOG - takes a number from 0 (default) to 4
2. SYSTEST_VERBOSE - active when set to any value apart from 'false'

Adding new test suites
----------------------

Test suites should be added to the ./test directory and must adhere
to the common_test OTP framework guidelines. In addition to this,
some configuration is required in order for systest to pick up
your suite(s):

You must provide a valid systest profile. This consists of a set of
targets (i.e., the names of the suite modules you wish to run when
executing this profile) and wildcard(s) used to locate 'resources',
which are the configuration files systest uses to bootstrap your
rabbit cluster/nodes before running tests.

The default resource(s) already provide some common configurations
that can be re-used. The ./resources/rabbit-nodes.config file
provides two 'test process stereotypes' that can be used when
configuring your rabbit test cluster:

1. rabbit_node - executes rabbitmq-server with a clean environment
2. connected - creates an AMQP connection+channel for the duration
    of your test (case, group or suite) and tears it down after.

The 'connected' configuration requires that your cluster defines
'user_data' for each node, specifying the AMQP port on which the
broker should listen. See ./resources/simple_ha_cluster.config for
an example of how to set this up.

Running a systest profile via the Makefile
------------------------------------------

The systest executable, which is automatically installed if your
target depends on $(SYSTEST), will run the profile indicated with
the -P command line argument. See the ha-test target for an 
example of how this works.

Figuring out which profile you want to run
------------------------------------------

A dry-run target exists in the Makefile in this directory, which
prints out useful information about which test suites will be
invoked for a specified profile. You need to set the SYSTEST_PROFILE
variable for the makefile to execute this target successfully.

